Easy fixes discovered while doing a deep dive on documentation (#1554)
nomiclabs/hardhat: docs/guides/create-task.md

### Defining parameters

> Hardhat tasks can receive named parameters with a value (eg `--parameterName parameterValue`), flags with no value (eg `--flagName`), positional parameters, or variadic parameters. Variadic parameters act like JavaScript's rest parameters. The Config DSL `task` function returns an object with methods to define all of them. Once defined, Hardhat takes control of parsing parameters, validating them, and printing help messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hardhat tasks can receive named parameters with a value (eg `--parameter-name parameterValue`), flags with no value (eg `--flag-name`), positional parameters, or variadic parameters. Variadic parameters act like JavaScript's rest parameters. The Config DSL `task` function returns an object with methods to define all of them. Once defined, Hardhat takes control of parsing parameters, validating them, and printing help messages.
```

Hardhat requires camelCased param names when defining a task, but expected them to be --like-this in the CLI.

Reviewer: For example, `"paramName"` should be used to define a task, but when running it through the cli, you must use `--param-name`.
